CLI: remove ansi escape code from schema example title (#1169)
svix/diom: ChangeLog.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased Changes

> * CLI: Remove 'underline bold' ansi escape code from schema examples on `--help` messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CLI: Remove underlining from schema examples on `--help` messages due to portability issues
```
